Update content-repository.md (#369)
SenseNet/sensenet.github.io: _docs/content-repository.md

- **Root** - this is the root of the tree structure. If you click on it in [Content Explorer](/docs/content-explorer) you will get a link summary page where the most common administrative functions are listed ([Root Console](/docs/root-console))
  - **(apps)** - top level _(apps)_ folder containing the global applications for various [Content Types](/docs/content-types)
  - **ContentTemplates** - folder containing [Content Templates](/docs/content-templates): pre-defined default values and structures for [Content Types](/docs/content-types)

>   - **Global** - the global resources of the portal. Requested skin resources will fall back to the Content if not defined in the current skin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Global** - the global resources of the portal. Requested skin resources will fall back to these contents if not defined in the current skin
```
